♪♪
Previously on Stitchers...
She actually cried. It was real emotion.
I've never seen her like that. Have you?
You were inside my head.
What secrets did you see?
Let's say I was trying to find
someone who did want to disappear.
- Your father?
- It's messed up somewhere. You'll get him.
You're obsessing and I've seen what
you're like when you're obsessed.
And it's not pretty.
Your apartment is completely tricked out
- with smart appliances.
- Sorry, how much money do you make?
What is going on with you?
Climbing buildings, slugging people?
How do I look?
I get a second chance to live my life.
I'm not going to live in fear anymore.
- I'm Mitchell Blair.
- How did you get in here?
- I built this place.
- Why do you want to learn how to hit stuff?
You got shot. I want to
know how to protect myself.
- You should be home resting.
- I'll rest when I'm dead and buried.
Good to have you back, Quincy.
Well, look who's here.
I thought we'd almost
lost you, handsome.
Nah, it was just a scratch.
Seriously, how does it feel
to get plugged in the chest?
Twice. Don't recommend it.
So why did that guy go after you anyway?
Ah, LA confidential, huh?
Have anything to do with
that assignment you were on?
What are you, CIA?
Is Mulaney in yet?
I'm supposed to meet her.
She's probably out
busting balls somewhere.
You'd think she'd have
mellowed since her retirement.
Yeah, "mellow" is not in her nature.
Mmm.
(Ringing)
Mulaney, it's Fish. I'm up at Dano's.
You said you needed to talk.
You better not
be standing me up, Captain.
Oh!
Okay! What up, Millie?
Long time no see. Ah!
Kirsten, meet Theo,
my brother.
(Laughs) Ow!
(Theme music playing)
♪ Take me inside ♪
♪ Take me inside. ♪
Corrected by kinglouisxx
www.addic7ed.com
Camille: Why in the hell are you here?
What kind of welcome is that?
Don't get too comfortable either.
Do you see how she treats me?
It's how she treats everyone.
Theo: You should really
be thanking me, mill.
The house is dark. I didn't
want to wake you guys.
- So instead you just broke in?
- Hey, nothing's broken
except for maybe my nuts.
Where did you learn
to kick like that anyways?
Will you answer my question?
I... I came to catch up with my sister.
Really? So how many dead
presidents is it going to take
- to end this little reunion?
- Harsh!
Hey, I don't need your money. I've
got some business here in la.
Business?
- (Phone dings)
- That is the opposite of reassuring.
We're up, first thing.
Up for what?
We work together.
Oh, a little two-for-one action, huh?
(Chuckling)
Come on, Mill, you can't boot me
out in the middle of the night.
Um...
He is your brother.
See? This one's got a heart.
Yeah, that's a recent development.
I'm not sure I like it.
You... one night.
Love you.
All I'm saying is the fact
that we share a gene pool
doesn't entitle him
to just show up uninvited.
Well, I mean, he's here now. It's...
Correct, but he doesn't get to
just impose himself on my life.
Who is imposing himself?
Camille's brother Theo.
You have a brother?
You never mentioned him before.
- Never came up.
- Older, younger?
Calendar years older. Maturity level?
- Doesn't even chart.
- Calls her Millie.
- Thank you, chatty Cathy.
- Millie?
Oh, I like it.
- No, no, no.
- It's cute.
You will not call me Millie.
Millie is the girl
I left behind in Bakersfield
and I busted my ass not to be her.
So you're not glad to see your brother?
Oh, Linus. Sweet, sheltered,
raised-in-a-stable-home Linus.
I guess a small part of me is glad,
but most of me knows when Theo
shows up, trouble follows.
We left him alone in our house.
He wouldn't dare steal from me.
- From you, maybe.
- Kirsten, you got a sec?
Mm-hmm.
So how goes it?
Any progress on the stinger front?
Oh, I feel like he is a needle
and the world is my haystack.
- Yeah.
- But I did ask Linda Edwards for advice.
The psycho evil hacker lady?
That being said, she seemed to think
that I should play on my
strengths to find him.
Your strengths?
Okay. Tall, blonde...
Math.
Hmm.
Yeah, no. She may be on to something.
I mean, everything is math,
so maybe there is an equation
to solving the mystery
of finding your father.
I just have to figure one out.
Ha.
So what about you?
What have you been up to?
You seal the deal on your motorcycle?
No, I decided to put the brakes
on the bike for now.
- A sensible decision.
- But I'm always down for adventure.
You know me. Very born to be wild.
Ah.
She was Fisher's mentor.
He had to convince Maggie to bend
the rules and let us stitch.
And those rules are?
Hell if I know.
Cameron: Mission clock set
to five minutes, please.
(Beeps)
Okay, team, let's win one
for the Fisher.
Induce stitch neurosync on my mark
in three, two, one, mark!
I'm telling you,
I don't remember anything.
Furillo, you lived there with him.
She's talking to a cable guy
named Furillo.
15 years ago! I was baked all the time.
You lived with him! What was he doing?
I didn't follow his every move.
Wait, that's weird. There's a boy here.
It seems like he's listening
to Mulaney's conversation.
Furillo's son?
Never mind.
I'm in a different memory now.
Mulaney's apartment.
She's got crime-scene photos,
notes and maps
- tacked all over the wall.
- A murder board.
That's how she tracked clues
in a homicide investigation.
I thought she was retired.
She must have been working
on something from home.
We didn't see anything like
that in her apartment.
(Phone buzzes)
Cameron, let's keep things moving.
Okay, Miss Marple, what else you got?
- What does RFI mean?
- "Remove from investigation."
That's cop lingo for
"remove from investigation."
"Detective Daniel Powell."
Powell? He was junior to Mulaney.
She always thought he was incompetent.
Ask Kirsten to ID the case.
Kirsten, can you see
what case she's working on?
The ripper case.
The rip killer. Eight victims,
all posed the same way,
on their backs with their
hands folded on their chests.
The serial killer?
That psycho terrorized LA for years.
- He was never caught, was he?
- No.
Mulaney took lead on that case,
but she could never find him.
(Gasping)
(Keyboard beeping)
(Computers whirring down)
Mulaney was attacked from behind,
knocked out with chloroform.
Could it really be him? The ripper?
All things point to yes.
Perp took the murder board.
She must have gotten
too close to catching him.
He was the one that got away.
The ripper's victims ranged in age
from 22 to 48, both men and women.
Highly unusual for a serial killer.
An equal-opportunity murderer.
They were all killed in their own homes
and M.O. was always the same...
Chloroform, strangulation, rip pose.
- Mulaney wasn't left like that.
- I think that that was purposeful.
This time,
he didn't leave his signature.
Must have figured no on would
tie him to the murder.
Or he didn't know
we had a secret weapon.
Kirsten: He started
killing 15 years ago.
Why did he stop for the last seven?
Maybe he was in prison?
Or left LA for a while?
Or he controlled himself somehow.
Until Mulaney picked up his scent.
Here.
She had a lot of suspects
over the years,
but the guy you saw
in the stitch, Joseph Furillo,
he was the first victim's
roommate and a suspect.
But she could never make him
for the murder.
Kirsten: It was so long ago.
How do you remember?
I remember things.
So we checked out
Joseph Furillo for you.
He was in prison for the sale
and possession of marijuana.
- But paroled recently after serving...
- Seven years?
- Six and a half.
- Close enough.
Where did you see Mulaney question him?
Out on the street.
He worked at Pacific
Charter Cable, truck 613.
Let's go for a ride. LAPD is emailing
you the archived group of files.
Okay, I'll look out for 'em.
(Phone beeps)
Oh, still got a way with words.
I should go check on my brother
- before he burns the house down.
- I'll come with.
I want to meet him.
- Ah...
- You met my parents.
Your parents were nice.
My brother is a douche.
Right.
Fine, I need a ride. Come on.
Taco cart?
Well, you didn't seem to like it
when I showed up at your lab, so...
I'm sure you know why
I wanted to see you.
There were extenuating
urgent circumstances.
The victim was Quincy Fisher's...
I don't care who the sample is
or was or wasn't.
You don't get to select our cases.
Then who does? You?
You made me acting director. You want me
to do my job to the best of my ability,
then I need to understand
the mechanics of the cases.
- Fisher's friend...
- His mentor.
Yes, his mentor.
There is a purity to our cases
and this Mulaney thing
is screwing with that.
Well, we've already stitched into her.
We're gonna lose Fisher
if we don't proceed
with the investigation.
Then it seems the decision
has been made for me.
I just hope
you haven't ruined everything.
Okay, what... oh.
Wow, he got off his ass. I'm shocked.
(Rattling)
Great. What fresh hell is this?
You're doing a dish?
I actually did all of your dishes.
You're welcome. Oh, what's up, man?
- Hey.
- Theo.
- Linus.
- You a friend of Millie's?
Millie! (Laughing)
Camille and I are friends from work.
Oh, yeah? What angle are
you working these days?
I don't have one.
I have a thing called a job,
- which you should try sometime.
- (Laughs)
And thank you so much
for cleaning up after yourself,
but I think it's right around that time
for you to gather your things and...
Whoa, you're going to kick me out
in front of your friend?
I mean, that's just cold.
- Fine.
- Cool.
Hey, Linus, let's kick it, man.
- I think the Clippers game is coming on.
- Yeah.
He seems nice.
- Joe Furillo?
- Yeah.
Hey! What the hell...
- Don't move!
- (Grunting)
Come on!
Whoa, might want
to think twice about that.
What the hell were you thinking?
That's the beauty of it. I wasn't.
I didn't kill that cop.
I didn't kill any of those people.
Where were you last night around 7:15?
Out for dinner.
Oh, really? With knives and
forks like real human beings?
Why don't you try your comedy
act on my parole officer?
I ate with her last night. Sushi.
So that's a no on the knives and forks.
If you're so innocent, why'd you run?
Hand it over. Come on.
Ooh. I'll overlook this parole violation
in exchange for you telling
me why Captain Mulaney
paid you a visit recently.
She wanted to know what I
remembered about Chad's murder.
And I'll tell you
exactly what I told her.
Nothing. I was a major stoner back then.
More major than now.
So your roommate was killed and
you don't remember anything?
I found him laid out like a
corpse and I called 911.
- Fisher: And that's all you remember?
- Yup.
Can I go back to work now?
- Go.
- Can I have my...
No.
- He's hiding something.
- Mm-hmm.
So, what's next?
♪ Now I'm not looking for trouble ♪
♪ But when you look at me that way ♪
There he is... Danny Powell.
Fish! How you doin', man?
Heard about Mulaney. Shocker.
Yeah, 'cause you and she were so close.
You know she had a murder
board on the ripper case
- with your picture on it?
- Why'd she focus on you,
even though you're RFI?
Are you talking crap
about me to civilians?
Ahem.
NSA recruits out of high school?
LAPD recruits out of Betty Ford?
- Punk.
- Drunk.
Where you last night?
Last...
You think I killed her?
So I'm the ripper? That is so messed up.
She came to me a few days ago
asking about prescription pills
from the first Vic's apartment.
Pills?
Yeah. Like I'm supposed
to remember something
from a crime scene
from how many years ago?
Why was she still
working that case anyway?
Because she was trying
to catch a killer.
She was retired!
All she did was poke a bear.
She wasn't murdered.
That was suicide by obsession.
Now if you were still a real
cop instead of an NSA puppet,
you'd know that.
Whoa.
Easy, gentlemen. Take a breath.
Back off, Blake.
No one made you referee.
Still, why don't you calm
down, go back to your corner?
Whew. How are you, Quincy?
I know you've had a rough time lately.
We're here on the Mulaney case.
Agents Clark, Goodkin,
this is Andrew Blake.
He's a psychologist that
works with us as a profiler.
Did you ever consult
with Captain Mulaney?
Yeah, she came to me the other day.
Wanted a fresh set of eyes
on the ripper case.
Why?
(Both laughing)
- Dude! She did not?
- Yeah, bro.
I'm telling you, butt-naked
through the trailer park.
Wow! Millie! You were a wild one.
First of all, only he is
allowed to call me that.
Second, he's not allowed
to call me that.
Third, it was 100 degrees that night
and I only went outside
because our trailer went up in flames
thanks to that genius there, so...
It was a grease fire. Yeah.
I was... I was making bacon.
Drunk at 2:00 in the morning.
Beer goes good with bacon.
Do you want some?
- Bacon? Yeah!
- My boy!
What are you doing?
Stop being so friendly.
Nothing good can come of this, trust me.
Just meet him halfway.
(Knocking at door)
I don't even... I...
Hey, is Engelson here?
Wh... why... Why would he be here?
'Cause he said he would be.
You his sister?
I mean, I don't like
to admit that publicly.
Is he here or what?
No, I'm sorry.
I haven't seen him tonight.
Well, if he shows up,
tell him Duke wants his money.
Get in line!
That bastard owes me 600 bucks.
I'll kick his ass if I see him.
Sorry. Better luck next time.
You brought your crap into my house.
- Calm down.
- I can't believe for a second
I believed that you might have come here
to actually spend time with me...
Millie, I needed a place to lay low
while a guy who owes me
a few grand gets flush.
As soon as he pays, I'll settle
it with those two punks.
Get out.
Millie.
You lied to me. Big surprise.
I mean it, Theo. Go!
Actually, you probably are gonna
want to slip out the back.
Yeah, "meet him halfway."
Oh, my God, listen. If you want
a mojito, order it yourself.
Yeah, I can't do that. Thank you.
This is a cop bar. You're the girl.
- Yes, I'm the girl.
- Whatever.
You two are partners?
- Uh...
- Yeah, professionally.
It goes way beyond that.
Look, it's my job to read people
and I'm reading a lot
of unresolved tension.
(Laughs) Yeah, tension?
There's... There's no tension.
Yeah, we get along just fine.
Sometimes we even like each other.
- Sometimes.
- Yeah. But you know what's funny?
I actually live, like,
two blocks away from here.
I never even knew
this place existed. Yeah.
Dano's is a well-kept secret.
Yeah, not so secret.
All the booths are taken.
So Mulaney asked you
to profile the ripper?
Yes, but she died before I could
give her a formal report.
So what can you tell us informally?
Well, from the evidence, I can
say that the killer is single,
in his 50s by now, uneducated,
blue-collar, antisocial, hot-tempered.
The way he poses the victims
in the classic peaceful corpse pose
suggests he comes from a strict,
perhaps fanatical religious background.
So why did he stop for seven years?
That is a good question.
In rare instances,
a serial killer
can contain his compulsion
or channel his rage in some other way.
I hope I've been helpful.
Yeah. Thanks for your time, doc.
Oh, and I hope you two resolve things.
NSA, it's a lot of responsibility.
It's not healthy to be so unsettled.
Hmm.
Uh, did we ask for couples' therapy?
Yeah, no, I don't think so.
- When can we stitch again?
- Refractory period's not up till morning.
Excuse me, miss, can she get a mojito?
- Theo.
- What's up, man?
I reached out to a couple dudes I know,
but no one's gotten back to me yet.
- It's cool if I crash here?
- Yeah, how did you...
Millie's not the only one who
knows how to use a computer.
Damn!
Yo, check out that flat screen, dog!
Porn must be ridiculous on this thing.
Hey, man, I don't think
this is a good idea.
Oh, look, man. I'm sorry you had to see
what went down between me and my sister.
But I mean, you know how it
is with family sometimes.
You love each other, you
just drive each other crazy!
Yeah, actually, I'm kind of on the
outs with my father right now.
Exactly what I'm saying. And, look,
if you don't want me
to stay with you, I get it.
We're cool.
You know what?
It's all right if you stay
here for a day or two.
Awesome! Okay, yeah, man!
This is going to be much better
than staying with Millie anyhow.
- She is such a tight-ass.
- Hey, yo.
Oh, are you two...
You're a real gentleman.
Good for her. She deserves it.
What are you doing here?
You don't like it? Arrest me
for breaking and entering.
I just had to hit something today.
Bad day?
With a capital "B" for brother.
I hear yoga's good for stress relief.
Screw yoga.
So the theory has been that the
ripper's victims are all random.
Right? Men and women,
all different ages,
neighborhoods, backgrounds. But
what do they all have in common?
Think about their jobs.
We had a pilot, a surgeon,
first victim was a bus driver...
They were all responsible
for other people's lives.
Ding ding! Point goes
to the brainy blonde.
Good work, except why
would he target them?
That's as far as I got. I don't
have the answers for everything.
I've mapped Captain Mulaney's
memories back 15 years,
but they've degraded.
Can't vouch for quality.
Well, still worth a shot.
Hey, you got a sec?
- Linus!
- He just showed up at my door.
You should have locked it.
You didn't feed him, did you?
We ordered in.
So nobody taught you
never to feed a stray.
He's your brother. I mean, he's family.
He played you.
He's been playing you and me.
It's what he does.
We had a long talk this morning.
He feels really bad about how
he left things off with you.
He's trying to make things right.
As soon as he leaves la, things will
be stunningly right between us.
Come to dinner tonight.
- No.
- Come on, I'll cook for the three of us.
Maybe if you see him
in a different space,
you'll view him differently.
Linus, stay out of it.
Just kind of hard since he's
camping out in my apartment.
Just give him a chance.
Cameron: Induce stitch
neurosync on my mark
in three, two, one, mark.
Kirsten: Mulaney's at the board again.
The section around the
first victim is glowing.
An emotional hotspot.
Kirsten: She's comparing
the evidence log
to the crime-scene photos.
I think there's something
wrong with one of the photos.
It's the pill bottle,
but I can't tell
what the prescription is for.
No record of prescription drugs
entered into evidence.
Yo, starling, those pills
weren't recorded as evidence.
But there is a picture of them.
Can you take me back to the
time of the first crime scene?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, hold on.
(Fast beeping)
- (Flashing)
- I'm here.
So you weren't home last night?
- I slept in Laurel canyon.
- I need an address.
No, like, I slept in Laurel canyon.
I... I passed out outside somewhere.
I came home and found Chad this way.
Yo, Fish, you're not going
to Ralph on the Vic, are you?
Oh, Fisher, you're here.
You look good in a uniform.
You never told me you were there.
It wasn't my best moment.
- (Gagging)
- (Laughing)
What's the matter?
You never seen a stiff before?
Knock it off, Powell. Fisher?
- Yes, ma'am?
- You were first on the scene?
Yes, ma'am.
Was anyone here besides Mr. Furillo?
- No, ma'am.
- Get out of there!
I'm bouncing.
(Computer whirring down)
Furillo stole the pills.
I told you before. I don't
remember anything about that day.
What about the pills you stole
from the crime scene?
I thought I knew you.
You were that rookie.
Mulaney realized they were missing.
It just took her a while.
The statute of limitations
is up on that.
True, but not for that bag of
weed you had in your pocket.
All right, she asked me
about Chad's meds.
- I figured, why tell her?
- Why'd you take them?
I thought it was oxy.
I was going to sell it for street value.
It turns out it was Zoloft.
Street value, crap.
So your roommate was depressed?
He drove the same miserable
bus route every day.
Wouldn't you be?
Do you remember who
prescribed those pills?
Sure, Dr. Kook.
- Really? That's his name?
- Dr. Kukra.
Dr. Kook was a hack shrink.
Show up with a referral and some cash
and he'd dispense pills
like a gumball machine.
Dr. Nick Kukra.
Lost his medical license for
playing too fast and furious
with his prescription pad, shut
down his practice two years ago.
- Where is he now?
- Driving a cab in la.
A psychiatrist turned cabbie. Does
he fit the profile Blake gave us?
Profile's just a tool.
We're checking hard evidence.
We don't know if this
Dr. Kukra is our killer
or just linked to him in some way.
- Can you ping the...
- GPS on his taxi?
Location and permit number
arriving on your cells in three,
- two... you're welcome.
- (Phones pinging)
And Fisher, nothing says thank you
like another self-defense sesh.
You got it. Let's go get him.
And let's leave the foot chase
to Fisher this time.
What? Foot chase?
I just helped apprehend a witness.
Yeah, your daredevil days are over.
- Maggie, I was just...
- I'm already in the hot seat with Blair.
I don't need you taking
any risks with this case.
- You can't bench me now.
- I just did.
Let them handle it.
Fisher: Kirsten, let's go.
Hey, cheer up, slugger.
Maggie won't keep you
in the dugout forever.
It's not that. It's just
this doesn't make any sense.
I've been reading
how serial killers work.
That's a scary thing to have
in your search history.
I'll clear it later. But
they classify them by motive
and organizational patterns.
And the profile just
does not match the ripper's.
Where are you going?
I'm gonna go see a psychologist.
- About time.
- Heard that, Millie.
(Phone pings)
Let's go get this over with.
Whipped up some of my favorites.
Mmm.
Um, no offense, man.
This looks interesting.
But maybe some Mac and cheese?
How about you eat and be grateful
for yet another in a series
of free meals?
It's all right. Saag paneer
is an acquired taste.
I think I've got some leftover pasta.
Unclench, Millie. You could really
learn something from my boy here.
Bro, you are so much more chill
- than the dudes she used to bring around.
- Shut up, Theo.
No, seriously, a parade of losers.
You may have noticed
that I have changed
absolutely everything
since Bakersfield.
Looking at your sorry ass
tells me just how much.
Like you're so much better than me.
She ever tell you how she ripped
off a church's collection plate?
Okay, bro, come on. That's enough.
Millie cons people. I mean, look, you
can take the girl out of the trailer,
but you can't take the trash...
What the hell is wrong with you?
You're my big brother.
This is how you speak about me?
(Laughs) Down, girl.
You are so pissed off and angsty
because your life is utter crap.
But that's not my fault, Theo.
You took off and forgot about me.
I did everything for you
when our parents left.
It was your responsibility
to be taking care of me.
I tried to help you
and you kept screwing up.
Not like you, huh? Because
you're such a big deal now.
Well, I'm sorry. I can't do this.
- Camille, come on.
- Linus, I gotta go.
- Come on.
- Nah, let her go, man.
- She's just a stuck-up bitch.
- Don't talk about her like that.
You treat your sister with respect.
Wow.
That's a big set of balls
for a little guy.
Come on, Linus, just take me home.
Yeah, you heard her, Linus.
(Whipping sound) She said take her home.
I want you gone by the time I get back.
Well, the license plate
matches the permit.
Doctor's not in.
The engine's cool.
He's been here a while.
The lock's missing.
Get behind me.
He was looking for something fast.
Looks like medical records
from his practice.
Yeah.
- Fisher?
- Yeah?
Agent Goodkin, you here for a mojito?
Sorry to bother you.
You got... you got a sec?
Sure, have a seat.
So the profile you gave us, the
serial killer you described,
it doesn't line up with
what we know of the ripper.
Really? How so?
Well, he chloroforms his victims first,
and then he chokes them,
to kill quickly, silently,
minimal use of violence. And
then he carefully poses them.
Your profile would suggest
a killer whose murders
are full of rage, bloody, sloppy.
Interesting. I apologize.
I was working from memory.
If I had my laptop,
I could access my notes.
I live like two blocks away from here.
Do you want to use mine?
Is it that urgent?
It's just that my colleagues
are out in the field
and I'd like to tell them if
they're barking up the wrong tree.
Okay, sounds like a plan.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- Thank you.
- Sure.
Forensics is on the way.
The ripper must have followed
or lured Dr. Kukra here.
Apparently to steal something
that would incriminate him.
Did you notice his cell
anywhere in that mess?
No, why?
Because if he was lured here,
maybe the ripper called him.
His number's on the permit for his cab.
(Dialing)
(Ringing)
- Got it.
- Check the incoming calls.
I know this number.
- (Ringing)
- Dano's.
Hey, it's Fisher. Did you make a
phone call a couple hours ago
- to a Dr. Kukra?
- Is that a real name?
- Yes! And did you?
- Forget making calls.
I barely have time to pee.
Did anyone else use the phone, Kate?
Think hard.
Fisher, it's crazy busy. I don't
know who else used the phone.
Let me talk to him.
Fisher, it's Powell.
I saw Blake make a call from here.
Said he forgot his cell.
- Is he still there?
- Left here a while ago with that kid
who was with you yesterday...
The one with the hair.
Here we are... home.
Nice.
You live here alone?
Yeah, just me.
Huh. Sounds peaceful.
- This is a great space.
- Thanks.
Your style is very eclectic...
And expensive.
Trust-fund baby?
Having family money embarrasses you.
No, not really. It's just
kind of, you know, private.
So then I embarrassed you?
Should we get started?
Yes, let's.
- Any progress with your lady friend?
- Huh?
Might as well take advantage
of a free counseling session.
Yeah, you're right. But, I don't know,
I just think now is not the best time.
It's the perfect time.
If you had told her how you feel,
you could have found closure
or opened the door
to something wonderful.
You talk like it's too late.
Hmm.
She's left you in turmoil.
I can help you feel at peace.
Yeah, you know what? I should
probably loop in Fisher.
- (Phone ringing)
- Oh, there he is now.
He's going to have to leave a message.
You're the ripper.
It's an awful moniker.
A gun? That's not your mo.
I don't have time for civility anymore.
You think what you did
to those people was civil?
What I did, I did out of kindness.
They were all tortured souls
who came to me for help.
But none of them wanted
their employers to know.
Why?
You know what could happen
if a depressed man pilots a plane?
How about a suicidal surgeon?
Would you go under her knife?
So you're their therapist?
I tried to counsel them.
I even sent the first one,
that bus driver,
to a doctor
who could prescribe medication.
Dr. Kukra.
Well, he won't have much to say anymore.
Don't trust pills anyway.
No guarantee that they'll work.
You were their guarantee.
I was their savior.
I brought them peace.
And I protected all the innocent
people that they might have harmed.
You stopped for seven years.
I found a different way to use my gifts.
I went to work with the police.
You underestimated Captain Mulaney.
Everything was fine.
I was fine.
But she just kept digging.
She made me start again.
I had to find peace for her.
I had to.
And now I'll find it for you.
It's a funny story, actually, Dr. Blake.
Um, I recently died.
Well, we all feel that way sometimes.
No, like, I really died.
And then I was revived. So...
I'm not afraid to die.
And whatever happens
between me and Kirsten,
I will be at peace with it.
The only person who's not at
peace in this room, Dr. Blake,
is you.
- And you'll never be.
- No, I-i am the giver of peace.
To everyone but yourself.
That's why when I'm done with you,
I'm going to give myself the
peace that I have never known.
I've seen what's
on the other side, Dr. Blake.
And I promise, someone like you
will never find peace there.
(Both grunting)
Don't move! Don't move!
- Stay on the ground.
- Are you all right?
- Now I am.
- You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say can and will be
used against you in a court of law.
You have the right to an attorney...
So you were kind of a badass tonight.
Kind of a turn-on.
(Laughs) Then it was worth it.
Seriously, thank you, Linus.
Theo really knows
how to push my buttons.
And I clearly don't handle it very well.
You know I've always got your back.
So he's gone? Right? He left?
Yep, he cleared out.
- I'll see you tomorrow.
- Yeah, 'Kay, bye.
Will you stop? I'm fine.
Cameron, the way you've been acting,
like charging right into things
and you're so impulsive,
I don't know if you're overcompensating,
or trying to impress me...
No, it is not about you.
It's just how I want to live
my life now, that's it.
Just unafraid.
Kirsten, you know how I feel about you.
You do.
I know what you must have seen
when you were in my head.
And you... you might not
feel the same way.
Maybe you do. I... I hope you do.
But maybe you're just not ready.
And that's all right.
I, um...
I've just been
so flooded
with all of these feelings and emotions.
And most people have their whole lives
to learn how to deal with them,
and I've only had, like, a few weeks.
You know?
So I don't know how I feel.
I... I don't know what I feel.
You know, and I'm also...
I'm trying to find my dad.
You just need time. That's
what you're trying to tell me.
- It's...
- Is that okay?
Yeah. For now it is.
Okay? And if there comes a time
where you know how you feel,
just... just tell me.
Okay, and we'll just figure
out where we go from there.
Okay?
Good night.
How do you feel?
At peace.
Okay.
(Door opens, closes)
Detective Fisher!
Well done.
It was a team effort.
I wanted to help from the beginning.
I even drove out to your house to ask,
but I didn't know how.
Mulaney always busted my chops.
Thing is, she was right about me.
Never too late to be the cop
she hoped you could be, man.
To Mulaney.
All: To Mulaney!
♪ ...back to life ♪
♪ Take it all beyond the night ♪
♪ Makes me feel alive ♪
♪ 'Cause staying up all night ♪
♪ Brings me peace in the light ♪
♪ Brings me peace in the light. ♪
Corrected by kinglouisxx
www.addic7ed.com
♪ Take me inside. ♪